Guest reviews are an important part of helping travelers choose destinations that satisfy their passions. Each guest review consists of a reviewer ID (), Unix time timestamp denoting the date of the review (), and a string of body text ().

To help determine which reviewers are experts on a specific passion, we want to score each reviewer for their reviews mentioning that passion. A reviewer's score for a single, specific passion is calculated as follows:

    Review Date:
	Reviews having a timestamp, , in the inclusive range between June , 15th ,2016,12:00AM and July 15th ,2016,12:00AM(GMT) are awarded points.

       Reviews written outside of the aforementioned time range (i.e., before or after) are awarded points 10.

Review Length: 
    A review body,b having 100 or more characters is awarded 20 points.
    A review having less than 100 characters is awarded 10 points.

    If a reviewer has more than one review mentioning a specific passion, their expertise score for that passion is the sum of the scores for all their reviews mentioning that specific passion.

Determining the foremost expert reviewer with regard to a specific passion:

    Score Each Reviewer. Note that a reviewer ID may have multiple reviews associated with it and a reviewer's expertise score for a passion is the sum of the scores for all their reviews mentioning that passion.
    Breaking Ties. If two reviewer IDs have the same expertise score for a passion, choose the reviewer with the smaller ID.

Given a set of reviews and a list of passions, go through each passion (in order) and print the reviewer ID (r) for the reviewer having the highest expertise score for that passion on a new line. If no reviewers mentioned a specific passion, print -1 instead.

Input Format

The first line contains two positive space-separated integers denoting the respective values of n (the number of passions) and m (the number of reviews).
Each line i of the n subsequent lines contains a single word describing passion i.
The 2m subsequent lines describe each of the m reviews over two lines:

    The first line contains two space-separated integers describing the respective values of r (the reviewer ID) and t (the review's Unix time timestamp in seconds).
    The second line contains a string of text denoting the value of b (the review's body).

Constraints
	
    String b will contain a maximum of 5000 characters.


Output Format

Print n lines of output. Each line i must contain a single integer denoting the reviewer ID (r) of the expert for the ith passion received as input; if no reviewers mentioned that specific passion, print -1 instead.

Sample Input

3 4
Skating
Food
Climbing
1 1467720000
Skating is good in Austria
22 1464782400
I loved the Spanish food, it had so many varieties and it was super super delicious. The price was a little bit high but it was worth it. People who don't like spicy food might need to think twice as it could be a little bit problematic for them.
4 1467720000
I didn’t like the Indian food!
50  1467720000
People were really friendly, I enjoyed being there.

Sample Output

1
4
-1

